[python-infer] add ignored string imports option (#23245)
pantsbuild/pants: docs/notes/2.32.x.md

`generate-lockfiles` with `sync` will perform a minimal update of the lockfile, keeping existing requirement versions
whenever those are still valid. In some cases this may not be any faster than doing a full lockfile regeneration, but it will reduce churn.

> Added a new `[python-infer].ignored_string_imports` option to ignore dotted 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a new `[python-infer].string_import_ignore` option to ignore dotted 
```

string values for dependency inference
Values are glob patterns matched against the full dotted string. For example,

> `string-import-ignore=["foo.generated.*", "acme.plugins.dev_only"]` will ignore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`string_import_ignore=["foo.generated.*", "acme.plugins.dev_only"]` will ignore
```
